docs: clarify external auth method considerations (#21301)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/auth/index.mdx

## External Auth Method Considerations

When using an external auth method (e.g., GitHub), Vault will call the external service

> at the time of authentication and for any subsequent token renewals.  This means that when the status of an
> entity is changed in an external system (e.g. an account expires or is disabled), Vault will deny requests to
> renew tokens already issued for that entity, but existing tokens will remain vaild for the entire duration for
> which they were originally granted unless they are expicitly revoked within Vault.
> Operators should ensure appropriate [token TTLs](/vault/docs/concepts/tokens#the-general-case)
> are set when using these auth methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
at the time of authentication and for subsequent token renewals. If the status
of an entity changes in the external system (e.g., an account expires or is
disabled), Vault denies requests to **renew** tokens associated with the entity.
However, any existing token remain valid for the original grant period unless
they are explicitly revoked within Vault. Operators should set appropriate
[token TTLs](/vault/docs/concepts/tokens#the-general-case) when using external
authN methods.
```

Edited for accessibility (active voice, shorter sentences)
